well you know we all love watching
replays and commentaries it is so much
fun but um you're not going to improve
by just watching them you have to learn
the specific build orders for specific
place and this is exactly what I'm going
to do for you you're going to learn how
to execute what the pros are doing all
right guys welcome back to micro
starcraft 2 today we are going to learn
a Terran build and it is called the
reactor Hellion expand it is primarily
used against the zerg let's build
focuses on educating a fast hellions to
both her ass and safely expand it is
used effectively by qxc in the VT
tournament a good way to open up a net
game in fact this replay is the very
replay that established the foundation
for the Terran neck build against the
zerg now at 10 population what you want
to do is you want to grab an SUV and
build a supply depot at the Atlantic
after all you're playing against zerg
you do want to ramp up so to prevent any
zergling Rome buys the goal of this
build is to do harassment whenever
possible about Mary fending off deserves
initial forces from your early expansion
now this is a turtle built but it is
very very powerful on the defense there
is no separate they'll order after 30
population so you
go on from there with your own common
sense at 12 population and 150 minerals
you want to throw down your first
barracks and make sure you keep on
producing your SUVs and add 13
population what you want to do is you
want to build a refinery this is a very
very standard build opening for teryn
and at 14 population what you want to do
is you want to grab an SUV from your
mineral line and send it to skeletons
learn to make sure it's not doing
anything too crazy a rating and at 15
population once this SCV is finished you
want to research all the command and as
soon as over the commenter's done you
want to go your first meeting right and
make sure your refinery is saturated
with three SUVs once you built that
marine it should bring you up to about
16 population this is the time when you
want to build another supply depot so
that you don't get supply out
after I'd make sure you use the mules
don't stand with it use the mules in the
beginning and at 18 population you
should have just enough minerals to
build a factory and this is exactly what
you want to do keep on building your
stds at 20 population where you want to
do is you want to build a reactor on the
barracks and once this Factory is done
what you want to do is you want to
snowball it to disagree after snowball
means to look up this factory and switch
positions with this barracks and at 21
population what you want to do is you
want to save up your minerals for a
command center and once you have 400
minerals throw it down like a nourishing
as soon as the spatula stone you want to
lift it up fly it to the reactive make
sure of you don't lift up your barracks
on the toe in attacking yes here because
I well there are zillions here trying to
take advantage of looks good buildings
so it's very close like us if you exceed
but all he managed to put down his alley
and safely now at 27 population where
you wanna do is you want to build
another battery this is what exactly did
their story and as soon as that
factories in town you should be building
to Helens and go out and attack and push
the dirt back and harassing with these
two thousand you want to come to
building them
alright put three SUVs and so now what
you want to do is you want to research
all the commands as soon as the factory
is done and you definitely want to
research that older command before you
look all of the command center from your
name
days and also you want to research a
tech flop for this factory and once the
cath lab is done you want to build a
change from the factory and then
research infernal infernal pre igniter
for your Helens and after you research
your pre igniter you should definitely
research siege mode for us these tanks
and this concludes the reactor Hellion
expand built from now on you'll have to
go with your common sense also I am NOT
going to finish the rest of the game you
can download the way you play in the
information board so now you know the
build of water you should watch the
replay again to see how it is being
executed in the battlefield so that's it
for today's episode if you liked it
please subscribe to me thank you
you